# About this project
This project is a Deno cli tool running claude agent sdk to do a "red team vs blue team" competition for any markdown-based claude agent (for example, ../pg-logisticis-agency). The main pain point to solved by this project is, how to "test" the markdown-based project (not traditional coding project). There are so many markdown files containing natural language only. And what inspire me is the movie "tenet" and the Monte Carlo Simulation. Why do we bother to figure the exact math of each rain drop in the cloud? Why not just run many "competitions" to find the pattern, to find the bugs.

## What is red team (going forward)
Red team act like any user using that markdown-based claude agent (let's call "agent" here). Try their best to push the agent to the limit. Talk to the agent to cover all "features/tools" of this agent is executed. When red team finish the conversation with agent, there will be a session file generated by claude core. Let's call this session file (a jsonl file, stored in ~/.claude/projects). This is the starting point of blue team.

### Notes for red team
  * Red team is a LLM agent with pre-defined system prompt, running via agent sdk.
  * Do not read any files in the claude project. It receives "mission information" from "tenet" and talk to target agent until it think the mission is complete/achieved.

## What is blue team (going backward)
Blue team read the session file just generated from red team and start reading related files in the claude project to find any issue just happened. For example, a claude skill was just mis-used to make the agent had difficulty, spending extra time to figure its way out. To simply put, blue team "debug" the project based on the session file and finally, report 2 main information back to "tenet", what was checked and what was fixed.

### Notes for blue team
  * Blue team is a LLM agent with pre-defined system prompt, running via agent sdk.
  * Blue team can read the files. Blue team does not talk to agent.
  * Blue team can modify files, to fix bugs or any intention.
  
## What is tenet
tenet is a LLM agent, hosting "competition" one round and the next. What will hapen is:
  1. Scan the project, to list all the files/skills/command...etc. Create a json file to record this information.
  2. Start a mission for red team. Red team starts and tenet sdk process closed.
  3. Red team finishes. Red team sdk process closed.
  4. Blue team read the session file and scan the project and finally generate a json file recording: what was checked and what was fixed and blue team sdk process closed.
  5. tenet sdk process spawns and check its list according to the json file from blue team.
  6. tenet check the remaining unchecked files/skills/command...etc and generate a new mission accordingly then back to step 2.
  
